Executive Chef/Owner
Executive Chef/Sous Chef with years of training and experience, highly regarded, and great reputation.

McDonough, GA
Highly Skilled Executive Chef with over 20 years of progressive and diverse culinary experience. Excellent oral and written communication skills, along with an innovative and supportive management style. Excellent record of building strong and positive client relationships through excellent service. Able to manage an efficient and productive kitchen. Ability to set a professional and delightful atmosphere and present exquisite cuisine for both small and large settings. Passionate about my talents and lifelong unique skills.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Executive Chef/Owner
Chef Plus Me Catering - McDonough, GA
2007 to Present
Special events/ private catering company. Specializing in large events to include birthdays, weddings, corporate events, private theme parties.
Sous Chef
United States Annual Master Golf Tornament - Augusta, GA
April 2012 to April 2016
“Featured Chef” at annual national tournament. Supervise twenty-five (25) staff in five (5) areas. Provide all aspects of meal preparation, presentation, and serving for over 1500 people. Specializing in creative culinary dishes for celebrities, families, golf participants, staff and spectators.
Executive Chef
Cafe Vena at Vinings - Atlanta, GA
December 2014 to December 2015
Responsibilities 
Managed all aspects of food preparation, presentation, and dining room service for unique, upscale, live-music restaurant venue. Supervised staff of seven (7). Creation of menu and assisted owner with business development.  
 
Accomplishments 
Live local TV cooking to promote new venue.
Lead Cook
Flick International at Coca Cola Headquarters - Atlanta, GA
January 2013 to April 2014
Provided all aspects of meal preparation for over 5000 patrons, supervised staff of seven (7), trained staff on all aspects of meal preparation, presentation, and serving.
Banquet Chef
Sleepy Hollow Country Club - Sleepy Hollow, NY
2008 to December 2012
Provided all aspects of meal preparation, presentation, and serving for country club patrons and guests. Specialized in special events and theme meals to include wild game preparation, Hawaiian luaus, beach parties, etc.
Food & Beverage Manager/Executive Chef
Griffin Country Club - Griffin, GA
June 2012 to September 2012
Provided all aspects of food preparation, presentation, and serving for patrons, all specials events, weddings, golf outings and private events in a private club setting. Supervised staff of eight (8), adhered to GCC policies and procedures, managed and executed all details of the restaurant. Trained all staff on HACCP and safety.
Executive Chef
GypsyTrail Club - Carmel, NY
2003 to 2010
Weekly diverse menu planning, costing, and execution, P&L responsibility, budget for all food service, procurement with all vendors, management and execution detail for restaurant, two outdoor areas of service, minimum of 25 yearly special event planning and execution, managed Sous Chef, Dining Room Manager, and all full time and per diem hourly employees, provided Private Chef services to members off premise on their estates in New York area.
Executive Chef/Sodexho
IBM Yorktown - Yorktown, NY
2006 to 2008
$4million budget, trained & supervised staff of 12, while adhering to Sodexho policies and procedures, weekly diverse menu planning, costing, and execution, P&L responsibility, budgeted for all food service, managed procurement with all vendors, management and execution for upscale dining room, managed all catered events, minimum of 25 yearly special event planning and execution, manage Sous Chef, Dining Room Manager, and all full time and per diem hourly employees, provided Private Chef services to members off premise on their estates in NY tri-state area
Education
Culinary Arts
Education Culinary School of Washington Washington, DC
1989
Skills
• International Cuisine • Classical French Cuisine • Vegan and vegetarian delights • Kosher • Saucier expert • Inventory • Cost Controls • Culinary Trainer and Instructor • Financial reporting • Contract bidding • Project Manager/Vendor Relations • Diverse Menu planning • All things gourmet • Wild game preparation • Theme party meal planning • All required kitchen trainings and certifications (10+ years)
Military Service
Service Country: United States
Branch: US Army
Rank: E4
January 1982 to January 1986
Technician Specialist
Awards
Various awards and accolades
Certifications/Licenses
Various Awards and Certificates
• Spirit of Diversity 
• EEO/Affirmative Action 
• Healthy Cuisine  
• Workplace Sensitivity 
• Development/Leadership in a Diverse Workplace 
• SMS Payroll Completion; Food Cost Control/Total Quality 
• Champions Workshop 
• Front Line Leadership
Publications
Cooking TV Appearance, Atlanta News Station
Additional Information
Highly Skilled Executive Chef with over 20 years of progressive and diverse culinary experience. Excellent oral and written communication skills, along with an innovative and supportive management style. Excellent record of building strong and positive client relationships through excellent service. Able to manage an efficient and productive kitchen. Ability to set a professional and delightful atmosphere and present exquisite cuisine for both small and large settings. Passionate about my talents and lifelong unique skills.