Aerospace Engineer
Aerospace Engineer with 3 years’ experience

Huntington Beach, CA
Detail-orientated Aerospace Engineer with 3 years’ experience, supported by professional work experience in design, manufacturing co-ordination and quality assurance. Seeking full time position where I can apply my technical knowledge and skills for continuous improvement.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Aerospace Engineer
Falcon Aerospace, Inc. - Fountain Valley, CA
February 2015 to Present
· Coordinate the manufacturing operations for producing products for structural aerospace applications. 
· Interpret engineering drawings and evaluate design parameters to determine cost, design and risks in the manufacture of the products. 
· Reverse engineer existing products provided by customers that need to be manufactured and produce drawings for said manufacture. 
· Monitor manufacturing performance by gathering relevant data such as scrap rate and machining time and producing statistical reports for future analysis. 
· Lead quality audits for the AS9100 certification. Created quality system and gained AS9100 certification for Falcon Aerospace within one year of joining the team.. 
· Designed a new, more user-friendly quality management system database to replace one being outsourced by a quality consultancy company.
Assistant Design Engineer
PS Analytical Ltd
September 2012 to July 2013
· Drafted drawings using GD&T and ASME Y14.5, maintained and improved current engineering drawings. 
· Developed and prototyped new products and improved the design of current products in production with CAD. 
· Presented potential design projects at team meetings along with component costs, bill of materials, design progress and completion time ready for delivery to customers. 
· Created the company CAD catalog of existing parts in the stores for future use of the engineering team.
Education
MS in Engineering
University of Southern California Los Angeles, CA
August 2013 to December 2015
BEng in Aerospace Engineering
University of Surrey
October 2009 to June 2012
Skills
Solidworks (3 years), Microsoft Office (3 years), GD&T and ASME Y14.5 (3 years), Quality Assurance (2 years)
Links
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/demet-ozcelik/74/206/6b8
Awards
Dean Master's Scholarship from USC Viterbi School of Engineering
2013
Design Make and Evaluate Project
2010
Prize received in the Design, Make and Evaluate Project run by the University of Surrey. Project was to design and build an engine test rig for model aircraft engine
Certifications/Licenses
ASQ Certified Quality Inspector
October 2015 to Present
Groups
The American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
August 2013 to Present
Planetary Soceity
July 2016 to Present