Senior Project Engineer, Aerospace Corporation
ENGINEERING AND SPACE CONSULTING

Alexandria, VA
Retired USAF Colonel, 29 years of military experience; 25 years in space operations & acquisition 
- 15 yrs operations and leadership experience in Air Force, Joint, and Intelligence Community space 
- Ops at Squadron and Group commands, staff at 14th Air Force and AFSPC, and oversight at OSD in 
acquisition and test & evaluation 
- Multi-agency experience working at DoD, NRO, NGA, NOAA, DIA 
- Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) certified: T&E, PM, SE
Work Experience
Senior Project Engineer, Aerospace Corporation
N8 Concepts, LLC - Alexandria, VA
2016 to Present
Currently providing consulting support to Aerospace Corporation in support of National Geospatial Intelligence Agency (NGA) Advanced IC Programs Subdivision. Supported development of NGA's GEOINT Mission Assurance Strategy and initial construct for a Space Intelligence Contextual Framework to extend GEOINT capabilities and process into the space realm to support Space Situational Awareness (SSA).
Principle Systems Engineer
Integrity Applications Incorporated - Chantilly, VA
2013 to 2016
- Provided project management and systems engineering support to NOAA/NESDIS/OSGS as technical lead for $170M Radio Frequency Interference Monitoring System (RFIMS) project. Authored Statements of Work, drafts requirements, CONOPS, and related acquisition documents. Oversaw site surveys to assess frequency environment at NOAA ground locations. 
- Lead contractor supporting Space-Based Infrared System (SBIRS) Follow-On Analysis of Alternatives for Office of Secretary of Defense, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (AT&L), Strategic, Space, and Intelligence Systems. Assessed development of architectural trade space for affordability, feasibility, sensitivity to requirements, and resilience.
Deputy Director
Space Programs and Policy - Washington, DC
2011 to 2013
Deputy Director, Space Programs and Policy, Office of the Secretary of Defense, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (AT&L), Pentagon, Washington, D.C., 2011 - 2013 
- Government lead responsible for successful execution and delivery of $10M GPS Enterprise 
- Management Analysis of Alternatives. Assessed architectural trade space for performance, cost, suitability, and feasibility. Wrote final report and briefed results to senior DoD civilian and military leadership.
Director of Space Operations, Joint Task Force-Space Transportation System (STS)
USAF
2009 to 2011
Supported 7 Space Shuttle missions as Space Director for all space-related activities supporting search and rescue of astronauts in event of catastrophic launch/landing failure, working closely with NASA, NORTHCOM, and intelligence community.
Commander
Space Operations Group, Aerospace Data Facility-Southwest - Las Cruces, NM
2010 to 2010
Space Ops Group Commander of 3 squadrons and 800+ military, government and contractor force
Military Assistant to OSD/Director, Operational Test & Evaluation
USAF - Washington, DC
2008 to 2010
-OSD lead for operational testing of 20 major space programs worth $45B, informed Congress/SecDef. 
-Wrote space papers vital to House/Senate confirmation hearings and two annual reports to Congress. 
-Authored OSD policy; led space test policy review; crafted Space Annex to DoD acquisition directive.
Commander, Space Operations Squadron, Aerospace Data Facility-East, Virginia
2006 to 2008
- Commanded 800+ person unit responsible for ops and maintenance of 12-satellite constellation 
- Stood up NRO's first Defensive Counterspace (DCS) capability in response to threats to space assets
Chief of Strategy, HQ 14AF
USAF - Vandenberg AFB, CA
2000 to 2002
Strategy Chief at 14th Air Force; named Space Operations Center's first Chief of Strategy. - Planned and executed space operations for Operation Enduring Freedom; conducted ops assessment.
Weapon Test Engineer, Air Force Developmental Test Center
USAF
1990 to 1993
Conducted flight and ground testing to certify developmental weapons for Department of Defense. 
Planned, budgeted, executed and wrote reports for several major test programs on F-4, F-15, F-15E, F-16 and F-111 aircraft.
Education
MS in National Resource Strategy
Industrial College of the Armed Forces
2008
MA in Airpower Art and Science
School of Advanced Air and Space Studies
2006
Air War College
2006
MS in Systems Engineering
Air Force Institute of Technology
2005
MS in Systems Management
Notre Dame de Namur University
2002
Air Command and Staff College
2001
Air Force Weapons School
1997
BS in Electrical Engineering
George Mason University
1987
Additional Information
Member of Board of Directors, Dorcas Aid America, Non-Profit Relief and Development Agency, 2014-Present.