Consulting Medical Writer
Consulting Medical Writer

Westwood, NJ
Highly experienced pharmaceutical executive. Former Director of Scientific Communications, Mannkind Corporation. Extensive management and document preparation experience in the Medical Writing of New Drug Applications and Common Technical Documents. Earned my degree in Applied Physiology at Teacher's College, Columbia University and was a junior faculty member at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Consulting Medical Writer
Eisai Pharmaceuticals - Woodcliff Lake, NJ
September 2015 to September 2016
Prepare Clinical Study Reports and Regulatory Documents for pediatric and adult oncology pharmaceuticals.
Caregiver
Lancaster, PA
December 2007 to 2015
Caregiver to elderly parents.
Independent Health Correspondent
Lancaster Newspapers, Inc - Lancaster, PA
June 2012 to February 2013
Covered health and exercise topics in a series of newspaper articles
Freelance Pharmaceutical and Physiology Writer
Lancaster, PA
January 2010 to June 2012
Prepared physiology textbook (continuing in development) for use in pharmaceutical research 
 
VOLUNTER EXPERIENCE
Pharmaceutical Writing Consultant
Mannkind Corp
December 2006 to December 2007
Prepare clinical trial protocols, clinical study reports, and integrated summaries in concordance with all ICH and FDA regulations.
Director
Scientific Communications, Mannkind Corporation - Paramus, NJ
December 2004 to December 2006
• Responsible for US and global medical writing for an inhaled insulin product. 
• Writing prepared in concordance with ICH, FDA and CTD guidelines. 
• Supervised the Manager of Medical Writers, Scientific Librarian and Biomedical Graphic Designer; and their direct reports. 
• Established a Competitive Intelligence group to gather marketing and scientific information.
Consulting Medical Writer
Clinical Staffing Associates - Metuchen, NJ
February 1998 to April 2005
with approval, concurrent with work from Mannkind Corp completed client documents for CSA). 
• Prepared clinical study reports and protocols 
• Wrote regulatory documents (NDAs, SNDAs) 
• Clients included: Ortho Biotech, JNJ PRI 
 
Smith Hanley Consulting, Scientific Communications, Lake Mary, FL. 
• Prepared NDA documents resulting in permanent position as Director of Scientific Communications. 
• Prepared CTD compliant document templates. 
• Prepared clinical study reports of oncology products for malignant melanoma. 
• Clients included: Mannkind Corporation, Purdue Frederick, Genta, Inc. 
 
Aventis Pasteur, Swiftwater, PA 
• Prepared eBLAs including vaccine clinical study reports. 
Auditrial, Metuchen, NJ. 
• Prepared vaccine IND Annual Reports for submission to Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER)
Associate Director, Clinical Science, Forest Laboratories, NY
Pasteur Merieux Connaught - Swiftwater, PA
May 1997 to February 1998
• Responsible for all documents for FDA registrations. 
• Managed two medical writers, one clinical research scientist, and external contractors, 
• Managed medical writing for SynaptonTM (physostigmine) and sNDA for AerobidTM.
Manager, Medical Writing
Otsuka America Pharmaceutical - Rockville, MD
May 1995 to May 1997
• Responsible for all clinical documentation, including NDAs for RaxarTM (grepafloxacin) and PletaalTM (cilostazol). 
• Managed seven medical writers, including two PhDs, and secretary. Improved document quality by establishing report templates and developing a computer network for internal document review.
Senior Medical Writer
Schering-Plough - Kenilworth, NJ
January 1994 to April 1995
Prepared NDAs, Clinical Study Reports, and Health Registration Dossiers for Claritin-D® (loratadine and pseudoephedrine) in allergy, Cedax® (ceftibuten) and Intron-A® (interferon alpha-2B recombinant) in infectious diseases; and Leucomax® (recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage stimulating factor) in oncology.
Clinical Research Associate
Berlex Laboratories, Inc - Wayne, NJ
July 1988 to January 1991
Monitored clinical trials of cardiovascular drugs. Negotiated research grants and budgets.
Senior Staff Associate
College of Physicians and Surgeons - New York, NY
January 1983 to July 1988
• Prepared research papers for submission to peer-reviewed psychiatric journals. Performed statistical analyses of research data. 
• Supervised Research Nurse.
Education
Master of Arts in Applied Physiology
Teacher's College, Columbia University
1987
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Fine Arts
Pratt Institute Brooklyn, NY
1978
Skills
Former Director of Medical Writing Mankind Corp (10+ years)
Publications
Stein JM, Papp LA, Klein DF, Cohen S, Simon J, Ross D, Martinez J,Gorman JM. Exercise tolerance in panic disorder patients. Biological Psychiatry 1992; 32: 281-287
1992