Quality Assurance Consultant for Cempra Pharmaceuticals
Looking for a New Opportunity

Raleigh, NC
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Quality Assurance Consultant for Cempra Pharmaceuticals
REAGAN MADISON INC - Cary, NC
October 2015 to January 2016
● Audited toxicology study material and final report to ensure compliance with GLP operating standards. 
● Performed over 80 supplier, vendor and consultant GMP qualification audits and wrote audit summaries.
Contract Quality Assurance Auditor for BASF
ASTRIX TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC - Durham, NC
October 2013 to October 2015
● Audited raw data and reports from GLP studies to verify that regulatory requirements were met. 
● Performed facility, process and critical phase inspections to assure compliance.
Part-time GED Instructor
WAKE TECHNICAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE - Raleigh, NC
October 2012 to September 2014
● Taught reading, writing, science, math and social studies and tutored when necessary. 
● Assessed students' educational knowledge in math and reading during orientation and identified educational gaps based on their final test scores. 
● Administered pre-GED examinations to students to prepare them for each final GED subject test.
Quality Assurance Specialist II & III
RESEARCH TRIANGLE INSTITUTE (RTI) INTERNATIONAL - Research Triangle Park, NC
September 2003 to September 2010
● Audited raw data and reports of toxicology, toxicokinetic, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) research study material to ensure compliance with 21 CFR Part 11, GLP, GMP and cGMP operating standards. 
● Performed internal and external facility, process, and critical phase inspections. 
● Interacted directly with clients for project site visits and participated in 5 regulatory inspections by the FDA, EPA and USDA. 
● Developed the ability to trend audit findings and identified corrective action or continuous improvement solutions with management through round table meetings for resolution in order to reduce deviations. 
● Assisted management with proposals for QA assistance on subcontracted projects and studies. 
● Led weekly QAU/DMPK/Toxicology liaison meetings as toxicology team leader. 
● Served as project manager for QA and Records Management projects. 
● Wrote GLP review, Quality Control review, and GLP documentation training programs for both classroom training and RTI University; instructed and trained RTI staff on programs. 
● Interviewed 7 QA candidates and trained, coached and mentored 3 new QA staff members. 
● Received RTI Thanks You Award in 2005 for completing a computer validation project prior to deadline. 
● Received RTI Science & Engineering Group Reward in 2006 for recognition of successful QA work performance. 
● 40% decrease in study deviations after authoring and instructing staff on Quality Control training program.
Part-time GED/ESL Instructor/Intake Specialist
ESL and GED
September 2003 to May 2009
● Taught ESL and GED reading, writing, science, math and social studies; tutored when necessary. 
● Assessed ESL students' reading and communication skills during orientation and identified gaps based on their final test scores. 
● Worked with ESL instructors in Levels 1-6 to set goals for each student and reported achieved goals to the Basic Skills Office. 
● Assessed GED students' educational knowledge in math and reading during orientation and identified educational gaps based on their final test scores. 
● Administered pre-GED examinations to students to prepare them for each final GED subject test. 
● Worked with the GED teacher to set goals for each student and reported achieved goals to the Basic Skills Office.
Quality Specialist
BURT'S BEES, INC - Durham, NC
April 2002 to May 2003
Received 3 promotions after starting out as the front desk administrative assistant. 
● Conducted investigations involving quality issues, reported rejections to the Quality Manager, and documented the reasons for rejection. 
● Conducted routine phase, process and facility inspections. 
● Reviewed and released batch records and documents and evaluated and audited all raw materials and bulk products. 
● Performed quality audits and ensured accurate inventory controls. 
● Evaluated color shades, coordinated changes, and approved all items that met product specifications. 
● Developed and coded acceptable specifications, standards, and ranges for products. 
 
BURT'S BEES, INC. 
● Responsible for elevating the quality of product manufactured and filled by outside contractors to meet the standards 
established by the Burt's Bees Quality Department. 
● Created and maintained SOPs for Burt's Bees and contract manufacturers. 
● Served as a liaison with Purchasing and Planning departments to ensure that Burt's Bees quality standards were 
enforced at each contract manufacturer.
Customer Care Coordinator
BURT'S BEES INC.
October 2001 to April 2002
● Managed between 6 to 8 customer care staff members. 
● Set up new accounts and served as the key contact for sales. 
● Discussed and addressed concerns about products and policies with CEO and management. 
● Served as the liaison between Customer Care, Distribution, Accounting/Credit Collections, and Quality Resources departments. 
● Held weekly meetings to report findings and summaries from customers to the CEO, Quality Manager, Director of Operations, Customer Service Manager, and Production Manager.
Education
Master of International Studies in Sustainable Development & Environmental Conservation
North Carolina State University Raleigh, NC
December 2011
BA Political Science/Environmental Sciences
North Carolina State University Raleigh, NC
1995 to 1999
Skills
Microsoft Office (10+ years), Microsoft Outlook (7 years), Microsoft PowerPoint (4 years), Microsoft Excel (10+ years)
Links
http://www.linkedin.com/in/ncst899gal
Additional Information
Research ● Proofreads ● Edits ● Data Analysis ● Project Management ● Fundraising  
Cross Cultural Communications ● SOPs ● Multitasks ● Organizes ● Detail Oriented Verbal/Written Communication Skills ● Reliable ● Professional ● Flexible  
Accuracy Focused ● Adaptable ● Compassionate ● Courteous ● Document Reviewer Statistical Analysis ● Dedicated ● Rapport Builder ● Friendly ● Sense of Humor ● Thorough Critical Thinker ● Enthusiastic ● Motivator ● Public Speaking ● Results Driven ● Dependable Energetic ● Listens ● Presentation Skills ● Willingness to Learn Optimistic ● Team Player Protocol Focused ● SAS Statistics ● Decisive ● Customer Oriented ● Loyal ● Punctual 
Willing to Travel/Relocate 
 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Microsoft Word ● Excel ● PowerPoint ● Outlook ● Windows XP ● Vista ● Internet Explorer 
Firefox ● Chrome ● Safari ● PubMed ● Google Scholar ● GreenFILE