Scientific Programme Manager
Scientific Programme Manager

Dublin, CA
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Scientific Programme Manager
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals - Mumbai, Maharashtra
January 2014 to February 2015
Clinical R & D & Medical Affairs, Biologicals 
Responsibilities: 
• Planning & execution of Epidemiological (Epi) studies 
• Performing supervisory duties and being the chief communication contact between Principal 
Investigator, Investigator and GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd 
• Documenting Spontaneous and Clinical Adverse Events (AEs) & Pregnancies. Also, assist in follow up of the same and updating the Pharmacovigilance tracker monthly. 
• Conducting audits and inspections 
• Providing recent scientific information related to therapy area
Clinical Research Coordinator
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals - Mumbai, Maharashtra
August 2011 to December 2013
Clinical R & D & Medical Affairs, Biologicals 
Responsibilities: 
• Preparing literature / case study research to identify disease burden 
• Coordinating the Epi study in assigned city with Investigator, Local and Central Laboratory 
• Responsible for the efficiency of the workflow in study activities 
• Preparing newsletters -authoring write-ups and articles on vaccine preventable diseases for in house clinical research and study purposes.
Research Fellow
P. D. Hinduja National Hospital & MRC - Mumbai, Maharashtra
July 2007 to July 2011
Projects undertaken during the MSc tenure: 
• Screening of NDM-1 organisms in health check up executives. 
• Patient characteristics and treatment outcomes associated with complicated community acquired 
Intra-Abdominal Infections (IAI) in which Extended Spectrum Beta-Lactamase (ESBL) -producing 
Enterobacteriaceae are isolated (SMART study). 
• Early Detection of Invasive Fungal Infections in immunocompromised patients (Thesis topic) 
• Compromising all treatment options- the new endemic: New Delhi Metallo-1 (NDM-1) in 
Enterobacteriaceae in a tertiary care centre, India. 
• To monitor, globally and longitudinally the in vitro susceptibility of bacterial isolates from intra 
abdominal infected sites to Ertapenem and other antimicrobials. (SMART -Study & Monitoring of 
Antimicrobial Resistance Trends). 
• Hospital Acquired Pneumonia (HAP) including Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) in adults: 
Etiology clinical outcome and antibiotic susceptibility pattern. 
• ESBL (Extended Spectrum of Beta Lactamases) Time Study Case.
Education
International Course in Applied Epidemiology
Rollins School of Public Health (Emory University ) Atlanta, GA
2014
Master of Science in Applied Biology
University of Mumbai Mumbai, Maharashtra
2010
Bachelor of Science in Microbiology
University of Mumbai Mumbai, Maharashtra
2006
Skills
TECHNICAL SKILLS Molecular techniques: Nucleic acid extractions (blood, body fluids, tissue specimens), PCRs, Primer designing, ELISA, Post amplification procedures like gel electrophoresis, restriction enzyme digestion, Polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Microbiological techniques: Isolation /plating, Preparation of media, Streaking of cultures, Antimicrobial susceptibility testing, Slide culture technique for identification of fungi, Calcoflour staining, Gradient Plate technique, Spread plate, Pour plate method
Additional Information
AREAS OF INTEREST - 
Public Health, Epidemiology, Infectious Diseases, Pharmacovigilance, Medical writing, Molecular Microbiology