Security Analyst
Security Analyst - TEVA Pharmaceuticals

Midland Park, NJ
Seeking a position that utilizes the education and training I have received at 
Montclair State University to begin a successful career in Finance.
Work Experience
Security Analyst
TEVA Pharmaceuticals - Woodcliff Lake, NJ
August 2011 to Present
Teva Pharmaceuticals is the largest generic pharmaceutical company in the world. 
Security Analysts work out of Teva's Global Security Operations Center 
overseeing contract Security Coordinators with minimal oversight. Responsibilities 
include relaying critical information to upper management and executives. 
Monitoring and overseeing security operations for all of Teva USA's major 
facilities. Monitoring the storage, shipment, and ensuring the overall security of large amounts of controlled substances. Executing Teva's global travel security and supply chain security programs.
Contract Security Analyst
SOS Security Inc. - Woodcliff Lake, NJ
May 2009 to August 2011
Promoted from contract employee to Teve Employee
H-Cop Special Officer
Hackensack Police Department - Hackensack, NJ
September 2008 to July 2010
H-Cop program is a volunteer program. H-Cop special officers share many of the same responsibilities as regular police officers including patrol, law enforcement 
rules and regulations, traffic control, pepper spray and nightstick training, 
community relations, handcuffing, and report/summons writing. 
 
Honors And Awards • Dean's List Fall 2002
Security Officer
Fairway Market - Ridgewood, NJ
March 2009 to May 2009
Responsible for conducting physical and video surveillance, conducting 
investigations, and ensuring the overall safety and security of the store.
1B Officer
Certified Special
March 2008 to May 2008
Certification in First Aid/CPR and AED
Education
Masters in Business Administration in Finance
Montclair State University Graduate School Montclair, NJ
2015
Justice Systems
Bergen County Police Academy Mahwah, NJ
January 2009
Bergen Community College Paramus, NJ
September 2002 to May 2003
Montclair State University Montclair, NJ
September 2002
High School Diploma
Midland Park High School
June 2002
Certifications/Licenses
ASIS Physical Security Professional (PSP)
Additional Information
Qualifications Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Proficient in Microsoft Excel, 
Word, and Outlook. ASIS International Physical Security Professional (PSP) 
Certified.