Electrical Engineering Team Lead
Ocala, FL
Specialty Automotive Electrical Engineer with more than 15 years of experience in design and manufacturing of specialty transportation equipment. This includes 9 years in bus (body and chassis), 4 years in refuse collection vehicles, 2 years in train and fire trucks, and 1 year in heavy truck. Experienced in design and integration of electrical and electromechanical systems for chassis and body applications. Supervised team of electrical engineers, designers, BOM experts, clerks, and interns. Areas of specific expertise include the following: 
 
● CATIA V5 ● CoDeSys ● Microsoft SharePoint 
● AutoCAD 14/2011 LT ● International Diamond Logic Builder ● Allison DOC 
● PRO-E Wildfire 2.0/Creo ● Ladder Logic Programming ● Cummins Insight
Work Experience
Electrical Engineering Team Lead
E-One - Electrical Engineering - Ocala, FL
August 2015 to Present
E-One is a $300M company and is a leading manufacturer of fire and rescue equipment in the United States and has a worldwide presence. E-One is a subsidiary of Allied Specialty Vehicles, which has a variety of bus and emergency vehicle manufacturers.
Electrical Engineering Leader
E-One - Electrical Engineering
August 2013 to Present
Manage a 16 member team responsible for the complete electrical systems of fire apparatus. Coordinate with other engineering leaders to ensure best practices are utilized across all engineering disciplines. Interface with other departments (sales, production, quality, etc) to ensure corporate requirements and departmental requirements are being met. 
• Instituted standards common within the industry to streamline design process and increase reliability and quality 
• Developed over $400k per year cost cutting initiatives (over $200K by resourcing a single part) 
• Managed BOM team to increase accuracy and through put, going from two weeks behind to a week ahead of schedule 
• Earned corporate Lean certification
Engineer
Dash Interior Mechatronics
August 2012 to Present
Responsible for design of interior lighting, steering wheel, stalk switches, electrical component packaging and wiring harnesses. Utilize Catia V5 to develop electrical and electromechanical solutions, including brackets, components, and wiring harnesses. Coordinate with other departments within DTNA to ensure smooth development and integration. Directly reporting to the Manager of Ergonomics, HMI, and Cab Mechatronics. 
• Developed interior light specification for next generation vehicle. 
• DTNA engineering representative for developing global steering wheel specification for use across Daimler Trucks operating companies.
DAIMLER TRUCKS NORTH AMERICA - Cab Engineering - Portland, OR
August 2012 to August 2013
Daimler Trucks North America (DTNA) is a $1.2B company and is the industry leader in the design and manufacturing of Class 6 - 8 heavy duty trucks in North America, as well as the second biggest supplier of class 6 - 8 trucks in the Mexican market. DTNA also provides vehicles to the African, Australian, and Russian markets. DTNA is a subsidiary of Daimler AG, which also owns Mercedes-Benz Cars, Daimler Trucks, Daimler Bus, Mercedes-Benz Vans, and Daimler Financial Group.
Electrical Engineer, Consultant
UNITED STREETCAR
August 2012 to August 2013
Responsible for completing Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) for projects. Provide support and direction to the new Lead Electrical Engineer and Engineering Manager. Help resolve design issues and provide background knowledge of decisions. Reporting directly to the President of USC. 
• Personally completed approximately 70% of open electrical CDRLs for Portland project. 
• Personally completed approximately 20% of open electrical CDRLs for Tucson project.
UNITED STREETCAR - Clackamas, OR
September 2010 to August 2013
United Streetcar is the first American manufacturer of modern day streetcars. United Streetcar presently has projects to deliver modern streetcars to Portland, OR, Tucson, AZ, and Washington D.C.
Lead Electrical Engineer
UNITED STREETCAR
September 2010 to August 2012
Responsible for leading a team of engineers, designers, and interns. Coordinated the integration design with Tier 1 suppliers and ensured compliance with specifications. Managed and oversaw sub supplier designs (door, electrical integration, propulsion system, passenger information system, etc.) and performed system and subsystem design reviews with customers. Performed first article inspections on components and systems with supplier and consultants. Wrote electrical sections of technical proposals for prospective work. Worked with line personnel to ensure proper installation and routing of components and harnesses. Reported to the Director of Engineering. 
• Made 5 trips to Austria to ensure electrical system Tier 1 supplier was on time and compliant with specifications. 
• Performed successful on-site first article inspection of new traction system in Austria. 
• Hired new engineers and designers.
HEIL ENVIRONMENTAL INDUSTRIES, LTD - Fort Payne, AL
September 2006 to September 2010
Heil Environmental is a leading manufacturer of refuse collection vehicles in North America, along with being a major presence in the UK and European markets. Heil is a subsidiary of Dover Corporation and in 2010 became a building block company for Dover's Environmental Solutions Group, a group of similar industry companies set up to leverage refuse products from point of collection to disposal and recycling.
Product Development Engineer (Electrical)
HEIL ENVIRONMENTAL INDUSTRIES, LTD
September 2006 to September 2010
Responsible for the electrical systems on rear loader and manual side loader refuse collection vehicles, including vehicle-wiring harnesses, light systems, multiplexing systems, safety systems, and switch panels. Worked closely with chassis suppliers to ensure compliance with their specifications and smooth production transitions for new chassis designs. Made customer visits to resolve system issues. Designed special options per customer requirements. Utilized engineering calculations to ensure proper wire sizing, voltage drop, and circuit protection size. Investigated problems, troubleshot, and recommended solutions to ensure products shipped on time. Directly reported to the Electrical/Controls Engineering Manager. 
• Electrical engineering representative for Voice of Customer program. 
• Electrical engineering representative for "Blue Ocean" program (new product development program based on customer input) roll out. 
• Standardized new rear loader electrical system to reduce installation time by 50% and increase reliability. 
• On team to perform DFMEA for new hydraulic system to ensure increased reliability.
Project Engineer
Production Personnel, Service Group, Quality Control
December 1997 to September 2006
Supervised Electrical Engineers, Designers, and Drafters and verified work met the intent of project. Worked with customers to develop electrical designs to meet or exceed expectations and requirements. Researched latest technology to accurately specify parts for new designs and confirm cost and operating requirement targets were met. Worked closely with Experimental Technicians installing and troubleshooting vehicle electrical systems on new product designs. Verified compliance of electrical designs with state and federal requirements. Created documents, spreadsheets, graphs, project timelines, and presentations to promote effective communication and time management. Worked extensively with Production Personnel, Service Group, Quality Control, and end costumer to troubleshoot and resolve electrical issues on existing products and designs.
Project Engineer - Electrical Representative
Production Personnel, Service Group, Quality Control
2004 to 2005
Ensured response times to Andon system for line issues. 
• Engineering representative to all production meetings.
Project Engineer
Production Personnel, Service Group, Quality Control
2003 to 2004
2005 - Sept. 2006 
• Developed new J1939 based instrumentation to leverage buying capacity with Volvo. 
• Co-developed software download system for body electrical programs for option built vehicles. 
• Integrated the Allison Gen IV transmission to meet Allison launch timing.
Project Engineer
Production Personnel, Service Group, Quality Control
2001 to 2003
Led electrical design team for first multiplexed school bus chassis in the industry. 
• Reduced chassis electrical system installation time to 2.5 man hours from 15 man hours on existing chassis design. 
• Increased the first pass chassis to 90% from 20% on existing design.
Project Engineer
Production Personnel, Service Group, Quality Control
December 1997 to 2001
Outsourced fully optionally built and body specific body harness. 
• Reconfigured body electrical options to maximize combinations, but minimize complexity.
BLUE BIRD CORPORATION - Fort Valley, GA
June 1996 to September 1996
June 1997 - Sept. 2006 
Blue Bird Corporation is a leading manufacturer of all makes and models of school buses, along with having a presence in the commercial bus market. Blue Bird employs over 1000 people at its Fort Valley, GA, manufacturing facility. Blue Bird primarily serves the North American bus market, but has a worldwide presence.
Student Electrical Engineer
June 1996 to September 1996
June 1997 - Dec. 1997
Education
B.S.E. in Specialty
Mercer University, School of Engineering Macon, GA
1997