Electrical Engineering
Electrical Engineering

Philadelphia, PA
Results-oriented Electrical Engineer specializing in high-level problem solving, process efficiency and day-to-day maintenance in a manufacturing environment. Ambitious Electrical Engineer who continuously exceeds both company and personal goals. Expertise in AutoCAD and Autodesk Inventor. Electrical Engineer trained in analog and digital signal processing. Experience with multiple applications, including communications, radar and power electronics. Senior Electrical Engineer with an environmentally-conscious outlook . Reliable Electrical Engineer with extensive knowledge of drafting and design and project management. Electrical Engineer familiar with all major engineering standards associated with control gear components and electrical power stations.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Electrical Engineering
Gazprom NEFT BADRA B.V Co - IRAQ
January 2016 to October 2016
Rendered technical drawings and electrical systems specifications that exceeded company standards.  
 Performed in-depth electrical acceptance testing of completed hardware, including continuity and high potential isolation testing.  Monitored the manufacture of electrical devices and operations to ensure compliance with safety protocols.  Troubleshot electrical equipment problems such as electro-valves and sensors.  Managed engineering changes using SAP systems.  Performed load calculation for sizing wire and circuit protection.  Collaborated successfully with cross-functional development teams to design and manufacture new products.  Monitored installation and operations to consistently meet rigorous customer requirements.  Applied principles of electrical theory to advance and improve product development and efficiency.  Wrote protocols, qualification documents, test plans and test reports for quality assurance purposes.  Designed and approved power distribution requirements for the construction of high tech manufacturing facilities.  Implemented and approved design control procedures for electrical development in accordance with FDA guidelines.  Initiated a project management knowledge study and subsequently standardized project management practices.  Mentored junior engineers and new hires to better improve the competency and efficiency of all staff.  Continually improved methods and procedures for processes, measurement, documenting and work flow techniques.
Micros pores relay technician
Gazprom NEFT BADRA B.V Co - KUT,Iraq
May 2014 to December 2015
Rendered technical drawings and electrical systems specifications that exceeded company standards.  Performed in-depth electrical acceptance testing of completed hardware, including continuity and high potential isolation testing.  Monitored the manufacture of electrical devices and operations to ensure compliance with safety protocols.  Troubleshot electrical equipment problems such as electro-valves and sensors.  Managed technician changes using SAP systems.  Performed load calculation for sizing wire and circuit protection.  
 Monitored installation and operations to consistently meet rigorous customer requirements.  Designed and approved power distribution requirements for the construction of high tech manufacturing facilities.  Continually improved methods and procedures for processes, measurement, documenting and work flow techniques.  Continually improved methods and procedures for processes, measurement, documenting and work flow techniques.
Operator Technician
Gazprom NEFT BADRA B.V Co - Iraq,Kut
2014 to 2014
Rendered technical drawings and electrical systems specifications that exceeded company standards.  Performed in-depth electrical acceptance testing of completed hardware, including continuity and high potential isolation testing.  Performed load calculation for sizing wire and circuit protection.  Collaborated successfully with cross-functional development teams to design and manufacture new products.  Monitored installation and operations to consistently meet rigorous customer requirements.  Designed and approved power distribution requirements for the construction of high tech manufacturing facilities.  Initiated a project management knowledge study and subsequently standardized project management practices.  Continually improved methods and procedures for processes, measurement, documenting and work flow techniques
Electrical engineer
SDMO Co
April 2012 to April 2012
Provide electrical engineering support to ensure the design and construction of all projects is completed to the relevant codes and industry standard, Monitor the power generation/distribution facilities, Recommend changes to operating and 
maintenance procedures, Recommend changes to power generation /distribution equipment to ensure maximum efficiency, and Investigate all electrical trip or abnormal events and incidents to verify correct operation of protection systems.
QC and electrical engineer
AL-Thegam Co
2012 to 2012
Provide electrical 
engineering support to ensure the design and construction of all projects is completed to the relevant codes and industry standard, Monitor the power generation/distribution facilities, 
Recommend changes to operating and maintenance procedures, Recommend changes to power 
generation /distribution equipment to ensure maximum efficiency, and Investigate all electrical 
trip or abnormal events and incidents to verify correct operation of protection systems.
Education
Bachelor in Electrical Engineering
University of Al-mustansiriyah
October 2011
Skills
Power systems  Technical support  System-level electrical design and integration  Global client management  Highly skilled in 3D and 2D CAD  Time management  Microsoft PowerPoint  Design process tool methodology  LEED accreditation  Advanced critical thinking  Skilled with analytical software  Extensive AutoCAD knowledge  Semiconductor process system (3 years)