American Express Agent
People-oriented, outstanding communication skills.

Harker Heights, TX
Seeking a position with a company which will requrire me to utilize my skills, abilities and experience in the field to ensure the company's success.
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
American Express Agent
Teleperformance - Killeen, TX
November 2015 to Present
Responsibilities: 
Sales/ servicing agent contracted by AMERICAN EXPRESS: online servcing agent for all airlines using systs: worldspand, sabre, and polo for things like hotel/flight travels, changes and cancellations 
Duties: 
answer questions about airline regulations, help customers make travel plans, and work with computers to resolve problems. Additionally, reservation agents could be involved in other stages of travel such as offering competitive prices, giving suggestions for accommodations and car rentals, and booking flights for travelers.
Preparation cook
Ivie's Baking - Austin, TX
December 2009 to January 2016
Job responsibilities: 
Preparing food such as cutting various fruits, vegetables, weigh and measure the ingredients for the chiefs and quantity control. sanitizing work areas, equipment's, utensils and dishes. 
Ross dress for less
Hospitality Associate
Baylor Scott & White Health - Temple, TX
March 2015 to December 2015
Responsibilities 
Hospitality environmental services: infection prevention- disease of other individuals by throughly sanitizing ever public area Within the hospital. Also performed housekeeping duties with the patients rooms: laundry, light dusting, cleaning bathroom, sweep/mop and delivering food to patient rooms and ensuring that once each patient leaves i strip the room and disinfect and sanitize.
FSW I
austin state supportive Living Center - Austin, TX
December 2014 to May 2015
Responsibilities 
I prep and serve all textures of food : puree = baby food, ground = Taco meat, finely chopped = pea size, chopped food = dime size, and whole foods. Cross reference from main menu to deit texture and Nutrition. Breaking down cleaning machinery and sanitizing the homes and main kitchen on campus.  
 
Accomplishments 
I went out to 3-5 Holmes a day on campus with their health as my main concern and having the pleasure of communicating With these Inviduals That Have Disabilities into understanding how Their Textures and Nutrition matter.  
 
Skills Used 
How to serve different types of food for my clients to better fit their needs.
Tire Lube Express (automotive) associate
Wal-Mart - Cedar Park, TX
January 2014 to February 2015
Job responsibilities: 
Serving vehicle: oil changes, leaks, flat tires, tire inspections. i greet/ courtesy to the customers who would like their vehicle serviced which includes: singing them up, promoting sales, window cleaning, and vacuum cleaning the vehicle. as a Tire Lube Express Associate it was my responsibility to in store, stock merchandise, order product, warehouse reports, cash handling, and register shut down. 
As the Second shift full time worker I was acting department manager from 4pm to 10pm supervising 5 to 7 people at a time.
Sales Associate/ Front End Supervisor
Ross Dress For Less - Round Rock, TX
September 2013 to March 2014
Job responsibilities: 
communicating with customers, providing information, keeping the work environment clean, ensuring all products are placed in their respective areas my job also includes cash handling, money count, register shut down and sales report paper work based on revenue.
Education
Health and Human services
Ultimate Medical Academy
2014 to Present
Social Work and Human Resources
Austin Community College
April 2013 to June 2014
Vista ridge High School Cedar Park Cedar Park, TX
September 2009 to June 2013