Comedian
Outgoing Sincere and Experienced

Dixon, IL
Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience
Comedian
Lisa Janes
January 2015 to Present
clean stand-up comedian, sketch writer, singer, character actress
Marketing and Admissions Director Oversaw marketing and admissions
Green Acres Rehab & Nursing Center
December 2013 to October 2014
Built relationships with hospital discharge planners, social services, doctors, nurses, CNA's and patients. 
• Showcased company strengths through public events in cooperation with department heads. 
• Assessed patients and recommended to Administrator and Director of Nursing through reviewing chart, interviewing patients, staff and family. 
• Coordinated advertising such as radio, newspaper and magazine articles 
• Planned quarterly marketing goals 
• Consulted for other Rehabilitative facilities and Assisted living in Pennsylvania
Hospice & Palliative Liaison
Passages Hospice
August 2011 to January 2013
• Oversaw marketing and admissions. 
• Built relationships with hospital discharge planners, social services, doctors, nurses, CNA's and patients.
Community Relations Coordinator
Petersen Healthcare - North West Illinois Territory
September 2007 to August 2011
Dementia Unit Coordinator/Activity Director
Petersen Healthcare
2010 to 2011
Education
Certification in marketing & training
Harper College
2011
Highland Community College
Sauk Valley Community College
Skills
• Event planning and management: have overseen fund raisers, corporate events, dinners, golf outings, weddings, large women’s ministry events and health fairs. • Patient assessment: know how to read charts • Familiar with Medicare and Medicaid for patient qualification • Reporting: experience with daily, monthly tracking and reporting • Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Word, Excel) • Good listening skills, respectful, encouraging and team player.
Awards
•	Second highest in admissions for territory at Passages •	2014 Rock River Chapter Alzheimer’s Walk Committee Volunteer of the Year •	Petersen award for marketing in 2009 for Polo and Pleasant View Rehabilitation and Health Care. •	Top Sales Award 2003 for marketing and advertising at Shaw Newspapers
2003
Certifications/Licenses
Illinois Activity Directors licence
April 2011 to Present
Groups
•	Served 2 years on Morrison Chamber. •	Former youth leader at Open Bible Church 5 years. • Woman Aglow leadership team and outreach 4 years. •	Alzheimer’s Walk planning committee 2014-2015 •	Delivered Meals on Wheels 2013-2014 for Mendota IL. Community